Planning meetings: November 18, 2013 from 2:00 to 3:00 PM in computer lab.
Current State:
Finished discussing bugs and issues from previous phase, and assigning tasks to team member.

Goal before Next Meeting:
Fix all the java docs, methods, and naming issues from previous phase.

Individual Task:
Ou Ye is responsible for physician class.
Da Zheng is responsible for Patient look up and java code naming Convention.
Lindsey is responsible for Record date and time of patient and Java Docs.
Marina is responsible for Categorize patient list and Java Docs.




Status Meetings: Nov 20, 2013 From 10:00 to 11:00 PM on Skype
What (s)he has accomplished since the last meeting:
Ou Ye: Some java doc and methods in hospital Class
Da Zheng: Some java doc and methods in hospital Class
Lindsey: Some java doc and methods in hospital Class
Marina: Some java doc and methods in hospital Class

Plans to accomplish before the next meeting:
Complete new crc model, fix all java doc/@param/@return tag problems, and add the physician class.

Problems/Obstacles:
Distinguish between physician and nurse user. 
Physician Acitivity/Class Design 
Blood Pressure systolic or diastolic





Planning meetings: November 25, 2013 from 2:00 to 3:00 PM in computer lab.
Current State:
Completed a new set of designs and shorten the methods (TriageTwo folder).
Finished discussing bugs and issues with current design, new design, and assigning tasks to team member.

Goal before Next Meeting:
Combine the old design and code with the new one.

Individual Task:
Ou Ye is responsible for physician class and combing code.
Da Zheng is responsible for Patient look up and java code naming Convention.
Lindsey is responsible for Record date and time of patient and Java Docs.
Marina is responsible for Categorize patient list, and combing code.






Status meetings: November 26, 2013 from 7:00 to 8:00 PM on facebook.
What (s)he has accomplished since the last meeting:
Ou Ye: Combined the old with the new design. (Triage with TriageTwo folder)
Marina: Combined the old with the new design. (Triage with TriageTwo folder)
Lindsey: Debug and resolve conflicts between new and old methods.
Da Zheng: Test the functionalities of all the methods after combing, and resolve them if there is any.

Plans to accomplish before the next meeting:
Rest of the features require for Phase 3. 

Problems/Obstacles:
Missing variable/method between designs
Different parameter type for variable(MasterpatientPool(Integer,Stirng) VS (String, String))
Different format of the text when writing to file (name/age/../vital signs  VS  name#age#time@tempertaure//)
Inheritance between classes(Health Professional






Planning meetings: November 27, 2013 from 9:00 to 10:00 PM on facebook.
Current State:
Completed all features require for Phase 3.

Goal before Next Meeting:
Add java doc
Check for naming convention
Coding Style
Test functionality
Modify CRC Model
Modify README.txt

Individual Task:
Ou Ye is responsible for Testing and debuging
Da Zheng is responsible for Java Doc and Testing
Lindsey is responsible for Java Doc and README.txt
Marina is responsible for Naming Convention, and CRC Model





Status meetings: November 28, 2013 from 7:00 to 8:00 PM on facebook.
What (s)he has accomplished since the last meeting:
Ou Ye: Testing, shorten methods and some Java doc
Marina: Testing, coding style and some Java doc
Lindsey: Testing, naming Convention and some Java doc
Da Zheng: Testing, and some Java doc

Plans to accomplish before the next meeting:
Peer evaluation: Catme Evaluation

Problems/Obstacles:
Come up with good description for the methods and classes.

